This is a story from a long time ago in a cold, cold northern country.

Once upon a time, there lived a woodcutter family called Shigesaku and Onokichi.

When the mountains are completely covered in snow, this father and son grab guns and go hunting.

One day, the parents and their children went into the snowy mountains as usual, but before they knew it, the sky was covered with black clouds and a blizzard began.

The two managed to find a woodcutter's hut.

“I have no choice but to stay here tonight.”

"Yeah, I guess."

The two of them fell asleep right away, probably from the fatigue of the daytime, while sitting next to the slow-burning fire in the hearth.

The door slams open with the force of the wind, and snow pours in.

Then the fire in the hearth suddenly went out.

"Ugh, it's cold!"

Onokichi woke up from the cold and saw a figure.

“Who is that there?”

What appeared there was a young and beautiful woman.

“Yuki-onna!”

Yuki-onna stood next to the sleeping Shigesaku and breathed out a white breath from her mouth.

As the white breath hits Shigesaku's face, Shigesaku's body gradually turns white.

And as she slept, she took her last breath.

This time, the Yuki-onna approaches Onokichi.

"T-help me!"

For some reason, Yuki-onna said kindly to Onokichi, who was desperately trying to run away.

"You are still young and your life is bright.

Let us help you as you wish.

But if you ever tell anyone about what happened tonight, your beautiful life will end."

After saying that, the Yuki-onna disappeared as if being sucked into the falling snow.

Onokichi lost her consciousness.

When Onokichi woke up in the morning, he found his girlfriend's father, Shigesaku, frozen to death.

A year has passed since then.

One day, on a rainy day, a woman was standing in front of Onokichi's house.

“You must be in trouble because of the rain.”

Onokichi, who was a good-natured man, let the woman into his house.

The woman's name was Oyuki.

Onokichi and Oyuki became a couple and were blessed with a cute child, which made them very happy.

However, I'm a little worried about the fact that the snow will fall unsteadily when exposed to the hot sun.

However, the kind Onokichi helped Oyuki and they lived happily ever after.

One day, Onokichi saw the side profile of Onoki who was doing needlework and suddenly remembered a distant day.

"No, Oyuki. I've seen a beautiful woman like you before.

It looked just like you.

In the mountains, in a snowstorm.

At that time, I'm sure it was a Yuki-onna.''

Suddenly, Oyuki said sadly.

"You've finally spoken. You promised so much."

"What's wrong, Oyuki?"

Snow's kimono suddenly turns white.

Oyuki, a snow woman, has been told about that night, so she can no longer remain human.

“I will never forget you.

I was very happy.

Please give me a child.

···So, goodbye"

Just then, the door slammed open and a cold breeze blew in.

And then, Snow disappeared.

The end