Once upon a time, this is the story of the cold and cold weather.

At one point, there was a sickly-smoked kid who lived.

When it comes time for this oyster, Yama to be comfortably wrapped, he will take the teppoka and take it with him.

One day, the boy went to Yukiyama as usual, but before he knew it, the sky was covered with black cloud and became fluffy.

 The two managed to find a woodcutter.

 "Koya is a way to stay, rather than stop here."

Yeah.

 While hitting the fluttering squirrels, the two immediately fell asleep, probably because of the sardines of the sardines.

 You can enjoy the warmth of the cold and the snow.

 Then, I heard a lot of hilarity.

 "Wow, it's cold!"

 Onochi, who was too angry, saw a shadow at that time.

Who are you there?

 It was a beautiful and beautiful woman who expressed herself there.

 "Yuki-onna!"

Yuki-onna was wearing beside her sleeping Shigesaki, and she wore a bright color from her mouth.

 When a shikisaku is affected by a white color, the body of the shishisaku gradually changes.

 And while I was sleeping, I quietly took my breath away.

 Yuki-onna will come closer to this day.

Take care!

For some reason, Yuki-onna was kind to the people who were trying to move.

“You're still scary and life is shining.

Let's help as you wish.

But if I tell someone about him, then let's end your beautiful life. ''

By doing so, Yuki-onna has become able to feel like she is immersed in the pretending Yuki.

Onochichi has been killed as it is.

Eventually, Onochi, who was greeted by Asahi, found that the Shigesaki of Chichi was enthusiastic.

Since then, Ichiene has arrived.

There was one woman standing in front of a certain candy tree and in front of one another.

Come on, come on!

A good old man took on an older woman.

The woman was Oyuki.

Onokichi and Oyuki became fluffy, surrounded by cute children, and it was happy.

However, it's a bit annoying that if you hit your hot knee, your snow will flutter.

However, the kind Onokichi was able to make good use of such snow and live well.

One day, when the snow-blower who was doing the work saw him, he remembered the story of Ohihi and Oihi.

Now, Oyuki. I've never seen a beautiful eel like you.

It was exactly like you.

Until now, I'm in Fubuki.

At that time, that's true, Yuki-onna.

Then, Yuuki seemed to be uncomfortable.

You're finally gone. I was so annoyed.

What's wrong with you?

Oyuki's kimono is changing before long.

Oyuki, who is a snow girl, can no longer be cared for because she has been told about it.

I will never forget you.

It was very happy.

I would like children.

···Well then, goodbye

 At that time, I found a tongue and a cold that I wanted to catch.

And the scent of Oyuki came.

The end