WHO to verify new virus response All members agree

"Members of the World Health Organization (WHO) agreed on the 19th to establish an independent verification committee on the WHO pandemic response to the new coronavirus."

"The agreement was included in a resolution of the annual meeting held online by WHO with its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The resolution was unanimously adopted by 194 member countries and decided to examine the role of WHO itself."

The United States has strongly criticized WHO's response to new viruses.

The resolution was proposed by the European Union (EU) on behalf of 100 countries.

Contents of resolution

The resolution called for a "fair and independent global assessment" of WHO's international response to new viruses.

"The course of pandemic response to the new virus infection (COVID-19) will also be verified. WHO has been criticized for delaying the declaration of a health crisis."

"The resolution also calls for countries to be able to “use their treatments and vaccines in a transparent and impartial manner and in a timely manner”. We are asking WHO to investigate the ""source of the virus and the route of transmission to humans."""

Pressure on WHO

"US President Donald Trump called WHO a Chinese ""puppet"" and stopped paying contributions. The United States has become the largest contributor to WHO."

"Trump accuses China of trying to cover the outbreak, which China strongly denies. It also said it did not clarify China's responsibility to the WHO."

"On the 18th, Mr. Trump published a letter sent to the WHO Executive Secretary Tedros Adanom Gebreyesus. Clarified America's position."

At the WHO Annual Meeting on the same day, US Department of Health and Welfare Secretary Alex Hazard accused WHO of a strong tone.

We have to admit that the main reason this outbreak has fallen out of hand is that the organization (WHO) couldn't get the information the world needed. It's a lot of sacrifice. Born of a person 

"Mr. Trump is due for a presidential election, which will be re-elected in November this year. There is a view that his criticism of WHO seeks to change the point of criticism against new virus measures in the United States. The new American virus kills 90,000 people and infects more than 1.5 million people, both of which are the highest in the world."

"However, there are also calls from the EU, UK, Australia, and New Zealand to call for verification of WHO's new virus response."

EU spokesman Vagini Batu-Henrixson said he needed answers to some key questions.

"How did this pandemic expand? What epidemiology can be seen? These are extremely important for us to prevent similar pandemics in the future."

At the same time, the spokesman said it was not the time to "blame the blame".

WHO reaction

"WHO Executive Secretary Tedros has already agreed to verify WHO's pandemic response. On the other hand, I disagree with the view that it is necessary to carry out inspections all the way to the end."

Tedros said independent verification will begin "as soon as possible".

He also calls for stronger WHO.

Chinese reaction

"The first case of the new virus was confirmed in December last year in Wuhan, China. It has been widely reported that the new virus spread from the food market after being transmitted from animals to humans."

China was criticized for trying to cover up the infection at an early stage.

"Some influential lawmakers say the source is a research institute in Wuhan, where bat coronaviruses were being researched. The Chinese side has denied this, and Western experts have also doubted the views of US lawmakers."

"China argues that it reveals trends in the epidemic in the country. In January, it announced the genetic information of the new virus and explained that it was providing the WHO with information quickly."

"China's Xi Jinping Jintao 18 days, a speech at the annual meeting of the WHO, said that the country has been ""have in the justice and transparency"" behavior. He also argued that any verification should be done after the pandemic settles down."

At a press conference in Beijing yesterday, spokeswoman Zhao Zheng said that the United States is trying to slander China in an attempt to escape responsibility.

More than 4.8 million people have been infected with the new virus worldwide, with more than 300,000 dead.