This is a story from a long time ago in a cold, cold country.

Once upon a time, she lived in the house of a lumberjack, who was very proud of her.

When this little boy, Yama, was completely enveloped by Yuki, she would go out with him.

One day, the little girl went to the snowy mountain as usual, but before she knew it, the sky was covered with black clouds, and he was stunned.

  Somehow, she found the woodcutter.

  "Well, there's no better way for him than to stay here."

"Yeah, I guess."

  As the sun began to light up, the two of them quickly fell asleep, perhaps from exhaustion, and she put her away.

  The breeze of the wind makes the fireworks open, and the snow becomes more immersive.

  Then, the light of the colors suddenly cleared up.

  “Ugh, it’s cold!”

  Onokichi woke up because he was so cold, and then he saw a shadow.

“Who is that there?”

  What appeared there was a young and beautiful woman.

  “Yuki-onna!”

When Yuki-onna stood next to the sleeping Shigesaku, she let out a white cry from her mouth.

  When Shigesaku's body is stimulated, Shigesaku's body gradually changes.

  And while she was still asleep, she quietly stopped breathing.

  The snow girl now approaches her trembling body.

"T-help me!"
When she tried to run away, she was timid, but for some reason the snow girl was kind.

``You are still young and your life is bright.

Let us help you according to your wishes.

But if she does this to someone else, then your girlfriend will be beautiful and she will die.''

Then, the snow girl disappeared, and as if she were being squeezed into the snow, she disappeared.

Onokichi continued to do so, but she fainted.

Then she woke up in the morning and found Chichino Shigesaku lying in her sleep.

Then one day she left.

There was a woman standing in front of one of the great candy houses.

``Candy, I'm afraid she'll come.''

She was a good-looking girl, and she took a woman into her house.

The girl was Oyuki and she said no.

She was very happy, and she was blessed with cute children, which made her very happy.

However, the reason why she is a little nervous is that whenever she receives a hot blow, she falls unsteadily.

However, she was a kind and gentle person, and she supported her in her journey, and they lived happily ever after.

One day, while she was working on her job, Onokichi saw Oyuki's neighbor, and Onokichi suddenly remembered Oihi.

``No, Oyuki. I have never seen a beautiful cat like you.''

It looked exactly like you.

Yamade, Fubuki has a girlfriend.

At that time, she was definitely Yuki Onna.''

Then she suddenly felt that Oyuki was kind to her.

"You finally let her go. She was in such a hurry."

"What's wrong, Oyuki?"

Before you know it, Yuki's kimono has changed from white to white.

Oyuki, who is a snow girl, has been kicked out of her girlfriend, so she can no longer be alone.

"She will never forget you.

I was very happy.

Please take care of your child.

···So, goodbye"

  At that moment, she opened her eyes with a bang, and a cold cold blew in.

And Oyuki's girlfriend's appearance changed.

The end