WHO to verify response to new virus; all member countries agree

World Health Organization (WHO) member states agreed on the 19th to establish an independent review committee to review the WHO's response to the coronavirus pandemic.
The agreement was included in a resolution at the WHO's annual general meeting held online and at its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The draft resolution was adopted unanimously by all 194 member countries, which also decided to examine the role of the WHO itself.
The WHO's response to the new virus has been strongly criticized, especially by the United States.
The resolution was proposed by the European Union (EU) on behalf of 100 countries.

Contents of the resolution
The resolution called for an "impartial, independent and comprehensive assessment" of the WHO's international response to the coronavirus.
The progress of response to the new virus infection (COVID-19) pandemic will also be examined. The WHO has been criticized for being slow to declare it a health crisis.
The resolution also calls for countries to have "transparent, fair and timely access to treatments" and vaccines. It calls on the WHO to investigate "the source of the virus and the route of human infection."

Pressure on WHO
US President Donald Trump has called the WHO a "puppet" of China and suspended funding. The United States is the largest donor to the WHO.
Trump has accused China of trying to cover up the outbreak, a charge China strongly denies. He also told the WHO that he had not clarified China's responsibility.
On the 18th, Trump released a letter he sent to WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. He made America's position clear.

At the WHO annual meeting on the same day, US Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar strongly criticized the organization.
“We must frankly admit the main reason why this pandemic has gotten out of hand. This organization (WHO) has not been able to get the information that the world needed. gave birth to a man
Trump faces a presidential election in November of this year, in which he will be re-elected. His criticism of the WHO is seen as an attempt to shift the focus of criticism on the United States' response to the new virus.
According to a tally by Johns Hopkins University (as of May 20 morning, Japan time), the number of deaths due to the new virus in the United States has exceeded 90,000, and the number of infected people has exceeded 1.5 million, both the highest in the world.

However, calls for verification of the WHO's response to the new virus have also been raised from the EU, the UK, Australia, New Zealand and other countries.
EU spokeswoman Vagini Battü-Henriksson said several important questions needed answers.
"How did this pandemic spread? What kind of epidemiology is seen? These are extremely important for us to prevent similar pandemics in the future."
At the same time, the spokesperson said now was not the time to "play the blame game."

WHO response
WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has already agreed to review the agency's pandemic response. However, he disagrees with his opinion that end-to-end inspection is necessary.
Tedros said an independent review would begin "as soon as possible." He also called for strengthening the WHO.

China's reaction
The first case of the new virus was confirmed in Wuhan, China, in December last year. The new virus is widely reported to have spread from food markets after jumping from animals to humans.
China was criticized for trying to hide the infection in the early stages.
Some leading U.S. lawmakers have suggested that the outbreak originated in a laboratory in Wuhan that was researching bat coronaviruses. China denies this, and European and American experts have also expressed doubts about the views of U.S. lawmakers.
China claims to have a clear picture of the progress of the epidemic in the country. In January, they released the genetic information of the new virus and explained that they were quickly providing the information to the WHO.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, speaking at the WHO's annual meeting on the 18th, said his country had acted "with openness and transparency." He also urged that any verification should be done only after the pandemic subsides.
Spokesperson Zhao Lijian said at a press conference in Beijing on the 19th that the United States was trying to smear China in an attempt to avoid responsibility.
More than 4.8 million people have been infected with the new virus worldwide, and more than 300,000 have died.