All member nations agree to inspection by WHO, new virus correspondence

The World Health Organization (WHO) member nation agreed about global trendy (pandemic) correspondence of the new coronavirus of WHO on 19th by setting up independent inspection Committee.
This agreement was included in the resolution of the annual meeting that WHO held with the headquarters and online of Switzerland Geneva. The resolution of member 194 countries was adopted unanimously, and decided to inspect the role itself of WHO.
The United States in particular strongly criticizes the new virus correspondence of WHO.
European Union (EU) suggested the resolution on behalf of 100 countries.

Contents of the resolution
The resolution said that "a general evaluation independent with fairness" was necessary about international new virus correspondence of WHO.
It is inspected in progress of the pandemic correspondence of the infectious disease (COVID-19) of the new virus. For WHO, a health crisis and criticism that it was slow to declare are given.
A resolution is a demand in it being possible for "utilization by the method that transparency is fair highly with treatment and vaccine timely" again each country. I request WHO to investigate "the outbreak source of the virus and the infection route to a human being".

Pressure on WHO
The U.S. President Donald Trump called WHO a Chinese "marionette" and stopped payment of the money of contribution. The United States becomes the biggest fund contribution country for WHO.
Trump blames that I was going to hide all the rage outbreak about China (China strongly denies this). In addition, for WHO, it is said that I do not make responsibility of China clear.
Trump publishes the letter which I sent to a テドロス アダノム Seb Reyes's secretary general of WHO on 18th. I did a viewpoint of the United States clearly.

In the WHO annual meeting of the same day, I criticized WHO in the tone that Alex アザール Director General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services was strong in.
"We must accept the main reason why this rage became unmanageable openly. This organization (WHO) was not able to obtain the information that the world needed. A presidential election to require reelection has Trump that it produced many victims in this November. A viewpoint that his WHO criticism is going to change a spearhead of the criticism to new virus measures in the United States appears.
As for 90,000 dead people of the American new virus, the infected person surpasses 1.5 million people in the count (at Japan time morning of May 20) of the U.S. Johns Hopkins University, and it is the world most together.

But the voice for the new inspection of WHO for virus rises from EU and the U.K., Australia, the New Zealand.
The Spokesperson ヴァジニ バテュ = Ann Wrixon of EU stated that the answer to several points of serious questions was necessary.
"Did this pandemic がどのように spread? What kind of epidemiology is seen? When it was extremely important, and "I spread it of the responsibility, and the spokesperson just did linking verses" at the same time because we prevented similar pandemic を in the future, these stated that there was not it.

Reaction of WHO
The テドロス secretary general of WHO has already agreed to inspection of the pandemic correspondence of WHO. On the other hand, I object to an opinion to need check before reaching the end.
Mr. テドロス says that independent inspection begins "as soon as possible". He demands reinforcement of WHO again.

Reaction of China
The first infected person of the new virus was confirmed in China, Wuhan City in last December. After having been infected from an animal with a human being, as for the new virus, it is reported that infection spread widely by the food market.
When China was going to cover infection at an initial stage, it was criticized.
Some U.S. existence Representative Riki show a viewpoint that a research institute of Wuhan City that studied the coronavirus of the bat is an outbreak source. I deny this, and, in the Chinese side, European and American experts express doubt in an opinion of the U.S. members of the Diet, too.
I insist that China clarifies a trendy change in the country. I publish the genetic information of the new virus in January and explain that I offer information to WHO quickly.
Chinese President Xi Jinping made a speech in an annual meeting of WHO on 18th and stated that the country acted with "the fair nature and transparency". In addition, I claimed that any inspection should be accomplished after pandemic が was settled down.
趙立堅報道官 stated that the United States was going to slander China at a press conference open in Beijing on 19th to do buck-passing.
The infected person of the new virus surpasses 4.8 million people in the world, and dead people become more than 300,000.