WHO to Verify New Virus Response All Member States Agree

The member states of the World Health Organization (WHO) agreed on April 19 to establish an independent verification committee for the WHO's response to the global outbreak (pandemic) of a new type of coronavirus.
The agreement was included in a resolution at WHO's annual meeting, which was held at its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, and online. The resolution was adopted unanimously by the 194 member countries, which also decided to examine the role of WHO itself.
The WHO's response to the new virus has been strongly criticized, especially by the United States.
The resolution was proposed by the European Union (EU) on behalf of 100 countries.

Contents of the Resolution
The resolution stated that an "impartial, independent and general assessment" of the WHO's international novel virus response is needed.
The progress of the pandemic response to the new virus infection (COVID-19) will also be examined, with criticism levied against the WHO for its delay in declaring it a health crisis.
The resolution also calls for countries to make "timely use of treatments and vaccines in a transparent and equitable manner" and urges WHO to investigate "the source of the virus and its route of transmission to humans."

Pressure on WHO
U.S. President Donald Trump has called WHO a "puppet" of China and suspended its contribution payments. The U.S. is the WHO's largest financial contributor.
Trump has accused China of trying to hide the outbreak (which China strongly denies). He has also said that China has not clarified its responsibility to the WHO.
On April 18, Trump released a letter he sent to WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. He made the U.S. position clear.

At the WHO annual meeting on the same day, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar condemned the WHO in a strong tone.
We must frankly acknowledge the primary reasons why this pandemic has gotten out of hand," Azar said. The organization [WHO] did not have the information that the world needed. And that has caused a lot of casualties."
Mr. Trump is facing a presidential election this November in which his reelection is up for grabs. His criticism of the WHO is seen by some as an attempt to deflect blame for the U.S. response to the new virus.
According to the Johns Hopkins University (as of the morning of May 20, Japan time), the death toll from the new virus in the U.S. has reached 90,000 and the number of people infected has exceeded 1.5 million, both the highest in the world.

However, calls for verification of the WHO's response to the new virus have come from the EU, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, and other countries.
EU spokesperson Vazini Batu-Henriksson said several critical questions need to be answered.
How has this pandemic spread?　What epidemiology are we seeing?　These are crucial if we are to prevent similar pandemics in the future.
At the same time, he said that now is not the time for "blame game.

WHO Response
WHO Director-General Tedros has already agreed with the WHO's verification of the pandemic response. On the other hand, he disagrees with the need for end-to-end inspections.
Tedros says independent verification will begin "as soon as possible." He also calls for strengthening the WHO.

China's Response
The first case of the new virus was confirmed last December in the Chinese city of Wuhan. It is widely reported that the new virus spread from animals to humans and then from the food market.
China was criticized for trying to hide the infection in the early stages.
Some influential U.S. lawmakers have suggested that the outbreak originated from a laboratory in Wuhan City that was researching coronaviruses in bats. The Chinese side has denied this, and Western experts have also expressed doubt about the views of the U.S. lawmakers.
China claims to have clarified the epidemic in the country, releasing genetic information on the new virus in January and explaining that it has been quick to provide the WHO with information.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, speaking at the WHO's annual meeting on January 18, said that his country has acted "with openness and transparency. He also called for any verification to be done after the pandemic had settled.
Spokesman Zhao Lijian said at a press conference held in Beijing on March 19 that the U.S. is trying to smear China in an attempt to evade responsibility.
The new virus has infected more than 4.8 million people worldwide and killed more than 300,000.
