This is a story about once upon a time, in the cold, cold climate of Kitiguni. 

Once upon a time, there lived a father of woodsmen named Shigesaku and Ongetsuki.

When the mountain was completely covered by the snow, this father went out to the beach with a peashooter.

One day, the father went to Yukiyama as usual, but before he knew it, the sky was covered with black clouds and turned into a blizzard.

 The two managed to find the woodsman's cottage.

 "There's nothing else to do but to stop here.

"Yes, I guess so."

 The sun was shining on their campsite, and they soon fell asleep, probably from the heat of the flaming sun.

 The wind blew and the sun went off, and the snow started to fall.

 And then the fire in the fireplace suddenly went out.

 It's so cold!

 The coldness awakens Onikichi, who is awakened by the salty smell, and at that moment he sees a figure in the shadows.

"Who's that there?"

 It was a beautiful woman who appeared there.

 "Yuki-onna!"

The first time I saw her, she was standing next to Shigesaku, who was sleeping, and then she let out a soft breath from her mouth.

 The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you are looking for.

 The first time I saw this, I was surprised to find that the first time I saw it, it was a very good thing.

 The snow woman is now approaching toward Abiko.

"Oh no, save me!
Yuki-onna said softly to Onekichi who was trying to take refuge refugee.

You are still wakawaka and your life is still shining.

I will save you just as you wish.

However, if you tell anyone about this night, then your beautiful life will be ended.

With that, Yuki-onna disappeared as if swallowed by the falling snow.

Onochi hit the earth with a hard blow.

When the sun began to set in the morning, he found Chichi's shigezakura (moss) growing cold.

A year passed.

One rainy day, a woman was standing in front of Onokichi's house.

"You must be worried because of the rain.

The girl was a woman, who was a woman with a big smile on her face and a big heart.

The woman was named Onoki.

Onokichi and Onuki became married and had a lovely child.

However, what is a little worrisome is that when Onokichi was hit by a hot knee, Onyuki would wobble and fall down.

However, the gentle Onochi saved her and they lived together happily.

One day, when he saw the side face of Onoki working at the harp, he suddenly remembered the day when he was working.

You, Onochi. I once saw a beautiful girl just like you.

She looked just like you.

I saw her in a snowstorm once.

That time, I think there was a snow woman.

Then, out of the blue, Yuki said sadly, "You have finally told the story.

You finally let it go. You scolded me so much."

"What's the matter, Onuki?"

On the other hand, the snow woman, Yuki, was not happy at all.

The snow woman, Yuki, could no longer be a human being because she had been dismissed that night.

I will never forget you.

I will never forget you. I was so happy.

I will ask you to take care of my child.

Goodbye.

 At that moment, the door flung open and a cold wind blew in.

And then, the figure of Oyuki vanished.

The End
