This is a story from a long time ago in a cold, cold northern country.

There lived a father and son lumberjacks named Shigesaku and Onokichi.

When the mountains were completely covered with snow, they went hunting with guns.

One day, the father and son went into the snowy mountain as usual, but before they knew it, the sky was covered with black clouds and a blizzard broke out.

They managed to find a lumberjack hut.

We have no choice but to stay here tonight.

"I guess so.

The two men fell asleep by the fire burning in the hearth, probably from the exhaustion of the day.

The door slammed open with the force of the wind and snow began to fly in.

The fire in the hearth suddenly went out.

"Ugh, it's so cold!"

Onokichi woke up from the cold and saw a figure.

Who is there?

It was a beautiful young woman.

Snow Woman!

She stood beside the sleeping Shigesaku and breathed out white breath from her mouth.

As the white breath fell on Shigesaku's face, his body gradually turned white.

Then she fell asleep and quietly drew her last breath.

The snow woman now approached Onokichi.

Help me!

Onokichi tried desperately to escape, but for some reason, the snow woman gently said to him, "You are still young.

You are still young and your life is still shining.

I will save you as you wish.

But if you tell anyone about what happened tonight, then your beautiful life will end.

With these words, the snow woman disappeared as if absorbed into the falling snow.

Onokichi fainted.

When Onokichi woke up in the morning, he found his father, Shigesaku, frozen to death.

One year passed.

One day, a woman was standing in front of Onokichi's house.

She said, "You must be in trouble because of the rain.

Onokichi, being a good-natured man, let the woman in.

The woman's name was Oyuki.

Onokichi and Oyuki became husband and wife, were blessed with a lovely child, and were very happy.

However, what worried them a little was that when Oyuki was exposed to the hot sun, she would fall down unsteadily.

However, kind Onokichi was always there to help her and they lived happily together.

One day, Onokichi saw Oyuki doing needlework and suddenly remembered a distant day.

You, Oyuki. I once saw a woman as beautiful as you.

She looked just like you.

We were in a snowstorm in the mountains.

That was during a snowstorm in the mountains.

Suddenly, Oyuki said sadly, "You have finally told me.

You finally told her. I promised you that I would.

What's the matter, Oyuki?

Oyuki's kimono had somehow turned white.

Oyuki, the snow woman, could no longer be human because of what she had been told that night.

I will never forget you.

I was very happy.

I will take care of the child, please.

...So, goodbye."

At that moment, the door slammed open and a cold wind blew in.

And Oyuki was gone.

The end.
