It is the story in the cold cold northern country of ancient times.

Parent and child of the woodcutter who seemed to have a certain place, and a fence faded away, and said a little lived.

I go out for hunting with a gun when it becomes when these parent and child, mountain are surrounded completely by snow.

It was one day, and parent and child went into the snowy mountains as always, but the sky was covered all too soon by black clouds and became the snowstorm.

Two people found a woodcutter hut somehow.

Than "I stay tonight here way あるめえ"

"Yes"

While ちろちろと warmed itself by the fire of the hearth which burnt, two people were from daytime fatigue or have fallen asleep immediately.

Door ががたんと difference, snow come by force of the wind.

And the fire of the hearth went out incidentally.

"Ugh, ... is cold!"

覚 ましたおのきちは looked at the shadow of a person with eyes for excessive cold then.

"Whose being there"

It was a young, beautiful woman that appeared there.

"A snow fairy!"

The snow fairy sleeps; when seemed to do it, and stood near a fence, vomited white breath from a mouth.

Seem to do it, and is white in the face of the fence; when is under the patronage, seem to do it, and the body of the fence gradually changes white.

And I have died calmly with sleeping.

The snow fairy approaches the はおのきちの this time.

"I save たっ!"

逃 げようとするおのきちに was why, or the snow fairy said kindly desperately.

"Thou is still youthful, and a life glistens.

I will help you as requested.

But the beautiful life of the thou will be over then if I tell the tonight to somebody"

The snow fairy has disappeared when I said so so that it was breathed in in the snow which rained steadily.

I have lost おのきちは, the same mind.

It is morning before long, and eyes are 覚 めたおのきちは, the one which I seem to do it, and a fence found freezing to death of father.

Then one year passed.

On the day of a certain heavy rain, one woman stood before a person of おのきちの.

"Because of rain 困 っておいでじゃろう"

I sent nature てのいいおのきちは, a woman to the house.

The woman was the name called the snow.

I got married, and the おのきちとお snow was blessed with pretty children and was very, very happy.

However, the snow falls down unsteadily when it catches the hot sunlight to be slightly anxious.

But I lived by helping with A しいおのきちは, such a snow well peacefully.

On seeing a profile of the snow doing such one day, needlework, I remembered the day when おのきちはふっと was far.

"のう, snow. I have looked at the beautiful woman like you before.

You and そっくりじゃった.

.that I encounter a snowstorm in a mountain

Then, if I am not mistaken, snow fairy as for that"

Then snow said sadly suddenly.

"You have talked at last. Though I promised like that"

"I did it how, am snowy"

The kimono of the snow changes white all too soon.

As that night has been talked about as for the snow which is a snow fairy, I cannot be in human beings anymore.

"I do not forget you forever.

It was very happy.

The child, please.

・・* Then good-bye"

A door opened with a slam, and cold wind blew then.

And the figure of the snow disappeared.

End
