It's an old story in a cold northern country.

In one place, Shigeru Sakuto and Onokichi lived as a parent and child.

"When it is time for the parents and children to be completely covered in snow, 
they will go out for hunting with a gun."

"One day, parents and children went into the snowy mountains as usual, 
but before I knew it, the sky was covered with black clouds and it snowed."

The two managed to find a cottage.

There is no way to stay here tonight.

Wow!

"The two fell asleep immediately, probably because of daytime fatigue, 
while hitting a blazing hearth fire."

The door opens with the force of the wind, and snow comes in.

Then the fire in the hearth suddenly went out.

Wow, it's cold!

When he woke up to the cold, he saw a figure at that time.

Who are you there?

What appeared there was a young, beautiful woman.

Snow woman!

As the snow woman stood beside her asleep, she exhaled a white breath.

When Shishisaku's face breathes white, his body gradually turns white.

And while I was asleep, I took my breath quietly.

Yuki-onna approaches this time.

Please help me!

For some reason, Yukiko gently said to her desperately trying to escape.

You are still young and your life is shining.

Help me as you wish.

But if you tell someone about tonight, then your beautiful life will be over. ''

Then Yuki Onna disappeared as if being sucked into the heavy snowfall.

I was faint as it was.

"After waking up in the morning, 
Onochichi found his father Shigesaki frozen and dead."

It's been a year since then.

One rainy day, a woman was standing in front of Onochichi's house.

I'm in trouble because of the rain."

A good-hearted Onochichi brought a woman into the house.

The woman was called Oyuki.

Onokichi and Oyuki became a couple and were blessed with cute children, which was happy.

However, what I'm a little worried about is that the snow falls fluttering when exposed to hot sunlight.

However, gentle Onokichi helped such snow and lived friendly.

One day, when I saw the profile of Oyuki doing needlework, Onokichi remembered a day far away.

Now, snow. I once saw a beautiful woman like you.

It was exactly like you.

In a snowstorm in the mountains.

At that time, that's true, Snow Woman. ''

Suddenly, Oyuki said sadly.

You finally talked. I promised you so much."

What's wrong with the snow?

The snow kimono has turned white before I knew it.

"As a snow woman, Oyuki is no longer able to be a human 
because she was told about that night."

I will never forget you.

I was very happy.

Please give me a child.

···Well then, goodbye

At that time, the door suddenly opened and a cold breeze came in.

And the figure of snow has disappeared.

The end
